1. thumbnail images, when displayed with chafa, isn't centered in the video info panel.  also, make it a bit larger than its current size for aesthetics 
2. on a freshly reloaded or freshly loaded home page, channel info is missing, and dynamic loading new results isn't working
    1. This is not because of yt-dlp missing info on flat-playlist.  we have existing logic in place to dynamically update videos with newly fetched info, but these don't seem to work until i close and then re-open the app.
3. in the action window below the video info panel, add margin to entries to achieve a grid view, like watch and playlist are on the same columns neatly etc.
4. in home page, if user scrolled past the video and refreshed the home page more then 3 times and didn't click watch, remove it from cache and don't show it in home page anymore.  maybe keep a dictionary (max 1000 entires to preserve memory) of these filtered videos so we don't show them even on new fetches of the home page from yt-dlp.  also, don't show watched videos in home page anymore
5. fetch new home page recommendations with yt-dlp every ten minutes to keep things fresh and save the active home page recommendations to a file in $TMPDIR/TermTube, and have new startups look for home page file in that folder first even if it's old, for quick startup times, and then fetch and update new videos for home in the background.  this way, only a cold reboot of the system will cause TermTube to take time to refresh the Home Screen.
6. in general the points above should create a seamless, quickly loading, no stale entries and responsive home page experience at all times.
7. suggest other UI, UX and performance and stability improvements to my terminal youtube app.  Raise any concerns with me, suggest fixes and workarounds, and discuss them with me, rewriting/updating the roadmap with me, and then we'll implement them one by one.
8. add beautiful modern looking animated  loading UI whenever we are fetching videos (on home screen when no cached results or TMPDIR file is empty, or in search page etc.) to populate the list in the left video list panel
9. reimagine the top header to be more useful and beautiful, also remove the images tgp text, and turn the clock into a green/yellow dot showing token is valid or not.  add a field in the settings page to create new token with the yt-dlp command
10. add settings ',' shortcut key next to quit in the bottom, and remove the watch and listen hints since they're covered in the action window. just show search, refresh, settings and quit
11. in setup script, for python venv option, create virtual environment in $HOME/.local/share/TermTube/ and not scriptdir for portability, and prompt user to approve or skip install termtube to $HOME/.local/bin or not (check if that is in path or not as well, and handle creation if .local is missing). For installation, copy the necessary parts of the project to $HOME/.local/share/TermTube/ as well 
12. update Readme and Claude.md to reflect current project status and help claude or other AI agent to actually understand and work on the project better with less token usage
13. add memory/ folder and update claude with instructions to document actions done by AI agent to memory, and to always update memory and files like README when necessary.
